Hi, I'm Toni, I'm a Security
Engineering Manager.
Our teams protect Google and
its users from serious threats.
Usually government-backed
attackers,
coordinated influence
operations and
serious cybercrime
threat actors.
I grew up as an army brat.
My dad was in the military
and we moved around a lot.
I've always had an interest
in security sort of generally.
I got really hooked
on international
relations when I
was in high school.
I did a lot of Model
United Nations.
And that really sort of brought these
two things together for me,
the way that security
works in the world.
I come from a big family.
I knew I was going
to need financial
assistance to go to college.
And the Department of
Defense provides
a lot of educational
opportunities
that are tied to service.
So this was a natural fit for me.
I knew I was interested in
this area and this was going to
provide a career path
into something I was
passionate about.
I started as an
intelligence analyst,
but not focused
on cybersecurity.
I worked counterinsurgency
for a number of years
and geopolitical
intelligence issues.
Eventually, as I
looked and saw that
the way that cybersecurity
was starting
to have an impact both in
our daily lives and in
that world of
international relations,
I got more and more drawn to it.
Transitioning into cybersecurity
was a huge shift for me.
I came in without a solid
technical background,
had to learn a lot of
that on the job and
through self-paced learning in
different types of courses,
I needed to learn
programming languages
like Python and SQL,
two of the things that we
cover in this certificate,
I needed to learn a
whole new language
about the vocabulary of
threats and the
different components
and how those
manifest technically.
One of the things that I had
to figure out very early in
this journey is
what kind of learner I was.
I work best with a
structured learning style.
So turning to a lot of
these online courses
and resources that took
this material and
structured it sort of from
first principles
through application
resonated very well for me.
A lot of this was
also learned on
the job by co-workers who
were willing to share and invest
time in helping me
understand this.
I asked a lot of
questions and I still do.
Most of cybersecurity work
is going to be learned on
the job in the specific
environment that
you're protecting.
So you have to work well with
your teammates in order to
be able to build
that knowledge base.
My advice would be to stay
curious and keep learning,
especially focusing on
your technical skills
and growing those
throughout your career.
It's really easy to get
imposter syndrome in
cybersecurity because it's so
broad and mastery of
all these different areas
is a lifetime's work.
And sometimes that
imposter syndrome can
shut us down and
make it feel like,
why bother trying
to keep growing.
I'm never going to
be able to master
this instead of motivating us.
So keep learning, push
through that fear.
The efforts always
going to be rewarded.